COMMIT: chore: Initial project setup and configuration
.gitignore
package.json
tsconfig.json

COMMIT: chore: Setup Next.js and Tailwind config
next.config.mjs
postcss.config.mjs
tailwind.config.ts

COMMIT: chore: Add VSCode workspace settings for sanity
.vscode/settings.json

COMMIT: docs: Add project README and license
README.md
LICENSE

COMMIT: feat: Add base app layout and global styles
app/layout.tsx
app/globals.css

COMMIT: feat: Add favicon and placeholder assets
app/favicon.ico
public/logo.png

COMMIT: feat: Add Next.js main page skeleton
app/(main)/layout.tsx
app/(main)/page.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add dashboard shell layout
app/(dashboard)/layout.tsx
app/(dashboard)/dashboard/page.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Introduce dashboard sidebar and header components
components/backend/DashboardSidebar.tsx
components/backend/DashboardHeader.tsx

COMMIT: fix: Sidebar breaking due to missing CSS vars
app/globals.css

COMMIT: feat: Setup Apollo Client boilerplate
ApolloClient/apolloClient.ts
ApolloClient/index.ts

COMMIT: feat: Add GraphQL schema setup with Pothos
GraphQl/pothos/builder.ts
GraphQl/schema.ts

COMMIT: feat: Add database schema and migrations
prisma/schema.prisma
prisma/migrations/20240813043704_init/migration.sql

COMMIT: chore: Add Prisma seed script for test data
prisma/seed.ts

COMMIT: feat: Connect GraphQL API route with Apollo Server
pages/api/graphql.ts
GraphQl/pothos/context.ts

COMMIT: feat: Add test GraphQL schema endpoint (graphqltwo)
pages/api/graphqltwo.ts
GraphQl/testSchema.ts

COMMIT: feat: Add customer GraphQL queries
ApolloClient/customerQueries.ts
components/backend/CustomerDetailCard.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add order GraphQL queries and order page
ApolloClient/orderQueries.ts
app/(dashboard)/dashboard/orders/page.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add product GraphQL queries and product list page
ApolloClient/productQueries.ts
app/(dashboard)/dashboard/products/page.tsx

COMMIT: fix: Products query was fetching undefined fields
ApolloClient/productQueries.ts

COMMIT: feat: Add categories query and categories dashboard page
ApolloClient/CategoriesQueries.ts
app/(dashboard)/dashboard/products/categories/page.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add file constants and utils helper
constants/files.ts
lib/utils.ts

COMMIT: feat: Add Firebase config for file uploads
firebase.config.ts
FireBase/uploadFile.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add Firebase download and admin setup
FireBase/downloadFile.tsx
FireBase/firebase-admin.ts

COMMIT: feat: Add Google storage client and uploader
GoogleStorage/gClient.tsx
GoogleStorage/imageUploader.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add file manager core components
components/File Manager Components/FileList.tsx
components/File Manager Components/FileUpload.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add file actions and previews
components/File Manager Components/FileActions.tsx
components/File Manager Components/FilePreview.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add folder actions and download support
components/File Manager Components/FolderActions.tsx
components/File Manager Components/FileDownload.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add UI component base (button + card)
components/ui/button.tsx
components/ui/card.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add accordion and table UI components
components/ui/accordion.tsx
components/ui/table.tsx

COMMIT: chore: Configure codegen for GraphQL operations
codegen.yml

COMMIT: feat: Add analytics dashboard page and queries
ApolloClient/AnalyticsQueries.ts
app/(dashboard)/dashboard/analytics/page.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add marketing dashboard page
app/(dashboard)/dashboard/marketing/page.tsx
components/couriers/NewsFeed.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add shipment dashboard base page
app/(dashboard)/dashboard/shipments/page.tsx
components/couriers/ShipmentList.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add rate calculation shipment module
app/(dashboard)/dashboard/shipments/rate-calculation/page.tsx
components/couriers/RateCalculator.tsx

COMMIT: fix: Shipment list crashing when empty
components/couriers/ShipmentList.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add billing history for shipments
app/(dashboard)/dashboard/shipments/billings/page.tsx
components/couriers/BillingHistory.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add courier quick actions and wallet balance
components/couriers/QuickActions.tsx
components/couriers/WalletBalance.tsx

COMMIT: fix: Wallet balance showing negative numbers incorrectly
components/couriers/WalletBalance.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add order creation page and order details component
app/(dashboard)/dashboard/orders/new/page.tsx
components/couriers/OrderDetails.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add order list and recent orders pages
app/(dashboard)/dashboard/orders/recent-orders/page.tsx
components/couriers/OrderList.tsx

COMMIT: fix: Orders list crashing when no pagination provided
components/couriers/OrderList.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add order import feature for couriers
components/couriers/OrderImport.tsx
components/couriers/types.ts

COMMIT: feat: Add customer pages (list + new)
app/(dashboard)/dashboard/customers/page.tsx
app/(dashboard)/dashboard/customers/new/page.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add customer detail page with tenure component
app/(dashboard)/dashboard/customers/[customerId]/page.tsx
components/common/CustomerTenure.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add discounts dashboard page
app/(dashboard)/dashboard/discounts/page.tsx
components/backend/TagsInput.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add product creation page and image uploader
app/(dashboard)/dashboard/products/new/page.tsx
components/Products/ProductImageUploader.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add product detail page
app/(dashboard)/dashboard/products/[productId]/page.tsx
components/common/AdvancedLoader.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add collection pages (list + new + edit)
app/(dashboard)/dashboard/products/collections/page.tsx
app/(dashboard)/dashboard/products/collections/[collectionId]/page.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add bulk edit collections page
app/(dashboard)/dashboard/products/collections/bulk-edit/page.tsx
app/(dashboard)/dashboard/products/collections/edit/[collectionId]/page.tsx

COMMIT: fix: Collections edit page was pulling wrong IDs
app/(dashboard)/dashboard/products/collections/edit/[collectionId]/page.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add settings dashboard page
app/(dashboard)/dashboard/settings/page.tsx
components/backend/FileUpload.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add shipment management and tracking pages
app/(dashboard)/dashboard/shipments/shipment-management/page.tsx
app/(dashboard)/dashboard/shipments/track-shipments/page.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add tracking info and tracking map components
components/couriers/TrackingInfo.tsx
components/couriers/TrackingMap.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add shipment reports and analytics page
app/(dashboard)/dashboard/shipments/reports-and-analytics/page.tsx
components/couriers/ShipmentReports.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add performance analytics for couriers
components/couriers/PerformanceAnalytics.tsx
components/couriers/PerformanceIndicators.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add weather forecast and widget components
components/couriers/WeatherForecast.tsx
components/couriers/WeatherWidget.tsx

COMMIT: fix: Weather widget crashing when API returns null
components/couriers/WeatherWidget.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add subscription plans and payment methods
components/couriers/SubscriptionPlans.tsx
components/couriers/PaymentMethods.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add notification center and recent activity feed
components/couriers/NotificationCenter.tsx
components/couriers/RecentActivity.tsx

COMMIT: fix: Notifications duplicating on page reload
components/couriers/NotificationCenter.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add file manager polish (advanced error + preview)
components/common/AdvancedError.tsx
components/File Manager Components/FilePreview.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add advanced site components (Hero + Trust + Product Card)
components/siteComponents/HeroCarousal.tsx
components/siteComponents/TrustSection01.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add globe data and globe section visualization
data/globe.json
components/siteComponents/GlobeSection.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add fancy Gemini block and effects
components/siteComponents/GeminiBlock.tsx
components/ui/google-gemini-effect.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add image carousel and product carousel components
components/siteComponents/ImageCarousal.tsx
components/siteComponents/ProductCarousal01.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add categories sliders and menu components
components/siteComponents/CategoriesSlider.tsx
components/siteComponents/ComplexMenu01.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add reusable theme provider and mode toggler
components/theme-provider.tsx
components/ui/modeToggler.tsx

COMMIT: chore: Add sonner and toaster notification utilities
components/ui/sonner.tsx
components/ui/toaster.tsx

COMMIT: fix: Toasts not dismissing properly
components/ui/toast.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add utils for format tenure calculation
utils/formatTenure.ts
components/common/CustomerTenure.tsx

COMMIT: chore: Add missing prisma migration for images in products
prisma/migrations/20240813044457_images_for_product_added/migration.sql
prisma/migrations/migration_lock.toml

COMMIT: feat: Add multiple test migrations (dev chaos continues)
prisma/migrations/20240818101910_test02/migration.sql
prisma/migrations/20240818104106_test03/migration.sql

COMMIT: chore: More prisma migration experiments nobody understands
prisma/migrations/20240818111604_test06/migration.sql
prisma/migrations/20240818165335_test07/migration.sql

COMMIT: feat: Add test08 migration because test07 wasn’t enough
prisma/migrations/20240818220534_test08/migration.sql

COMMIT: fix: Test migration broke schema, add test_09 to unbreak
prisma/migrations/20240820124940_test_09/migration.sql

COMMIT: feat: Add final migrations test10 + test11
prisma/migrations/20240825042530_tesrt_10/migration.sql
prisma/migrations/20240827204328_test11/migration.sql

COMMIT: fix: Migration test11 v2 (yes, again…)
prisma/migrations/20240829120802_test_11/migration.sql

COMMIT: feat: Add floating navbar and mobile header
components/ui/floating-navbar.tsx
components/header/MobileHeader.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add responsive header component
components/header/Header.tsx
components/ui/breadcrumb.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add pagination and tabs UI
components/ui/pagination.tsx
components/ui/tabs.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add sidebar and sheet components
components/ui/sidebar.tsx
components/ui/sheet.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add dropdown menu and menubar
components/ui/dropdown-menu.tsx
components/ui/menubar.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add dialog and drawer UI components
components/ui/dialog.tsx
components/ui/drawer.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add hover card and tooltip
components/ui/hover-card.tsx
components/ui/tooltip.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add accordion v2 and collapsible
components/ui/accordion.tsx
components/ui/collapsible.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add input, textarea, and form controls
components/ui/input.tsx
components/ui/textarea.tsx
components/ui/form.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add select and radio group components
components/ui/select.tsx
components/ui/radio-group.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add slider and progress bar
components/ui/slider.tsx
components/ui/progress.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add skeleton loader and resizable
components/ui/skeleton.tsx
components/ui/resizable.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add avatar, badge, and switch components
components/ui/avatar.tsx
components/ui/badge.tsx
components/ui/switch.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add calendar and date range picker
components/ui/calendar.tsx
components/ui/date-range-picker.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add table and chart components
components/ui/table.tsx
components/ui/chart.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add lamp, globe, and hero parallax effects
components/ui/lamp.tsx
components/ui/globe.tsx
components/ui/hero-parallax.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add infinite moving cards + tracing beam
components/ui/infinite-moving-cards.tsx
components/ui/tracing-beam.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add toggle group and toggle
components/ui/toggle-group.tsx
components/ui/toggle.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add command palette component
components/ui/command.tsx
components/ui/context-menu.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add alert components (dialog + box)
components/ui/alert-dialog.tsx
components/ui/alert.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add checkbox and separator
components/ui/checkbox.tsx
components/ui/separator.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add navigation menu
components/ui/navigation-menu.tsx
components/ui/use-toast.ts

COMMIT: fix: Toast hook not exported properly
components/ui/use-toast.ts

COMMIT: feat: Add product trust and category slider variations
components/siteComponents/TrustSection01.tsx
components/siteComponents/CategorySlider01.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add product card and upload polish
components/siteComponents/ProductCard01.tsx
components/Products/ProductImageUploader.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add courier extras (map + simulator)
components/couriers/ShippingMap.tsx
components/couriers/PackageSimulator.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add courier metrics and performance charts
components/couriers/MetricsOverview.tsx
components/couriers/ShipmentChart.tsx

COMMIT: fix: Courier chart scaling issue on small screens
components/couriers/ShipmentChart.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add courier dashboard customization tools
components/couriers/DashboardCustomization.tsx
components/couriers/ComparisonChart.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add wallet history component
components/couriers/WalletHistory.tsx
components/couriers/FinancialReports.tsx

COMMIT: fix: Wallet history reversed order bug
components/couriers/WalletHistory.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add Firebase/Google integration polish
GoogleStorage/imageUploader.tsx
FireBase/uploadFile.tsx

COMMIT: fix: File upload crashing with large files
FireBase/uploadFile.tsx

COMMIT: chore: Add env and ESLint config for sanity
.env
.eslintrc.json

COMMIT: feat: Add typing definitions and components.json
typing.d.ts
components.json

COMMIT: chore: Add extra public assets for branding
public/banner-new3.svg
public/placeholder.svg

COMMIT: chore: Add vercel + next branding placeholders
public/next.svg
public/vercel.svg
public/marker-icon.png

COMMIT: fix: Placeholder assets not loading due to path typo
public/placeholder.svg

COMMIT: feat: Add advanced loader component
components/common/AdvancedLoader.tsx
components/common/AdvancedError.tsx

COMMIT: fix: Advanced error boundary swallowed real errors
components/common/AdvancedError.tsx

COMMIT: polish: Update dashboard home and content pages
app/(dashboard)/dashboard/home/page.tsx
app/(dashboard)/dashboard/content/page.tsx

COMMIT: chore: Final utils refactor before shipping
lib/utils.ts
utils/formatTenure.ts

COMMIT: feat: Add courier queries support
ApolloClient/CourierQueries.ts

COMMIT: feat: Add Pothos DB integration
GraphQl/pothos/db.ts

COMMIT: feat: Add Pothos models for Article and User
GraphQl/pothos/models/Article/index.ts
GraphQl/pothos/models/User/index.ts

COMMIT: feat: Add Pothos schema definitions and graphql output
GraphQl/pothos/schema.graphql
GraphQl/pothos/schema.ts

COMMIT: feat: Add inventory dashboard page
app/(dashboard)/dashboard/inventory/page.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add order detail page for orderId route
app/(dashboard)/dashboard/orders/[orderId]/page.tsx
components/couriers/ShipmentDetails.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add order management shipment page
app/(dashboard)/dashboard/shipments/order-management/page.tsx
components/couriers/CreateShipment.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add bulk shipment upload component
components/couriers/BulkShipmentUpload.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add courier delivery preferences and saved addresses
components/couriers/DeliveryPreferences.tsx
components/couriers/SavedAddresses.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add courier live rates and rate history
components/couriers/LiveRates.tsx
components/couriers/RateHistory.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add courier tracking page generator
components/couriers/TrackingPageGenerator.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add advanced carousel and aspect ratio utils
components/ui/carousel.tsx
components/ui/aspect-ratio.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add OTP input and label components
components/ui/input-otp.tsx
components/ui/label.tsx

COMMIT: feat: Add popover and scroll-area components
components/ui/popover.tsx
components/ui/scroll-area.tsx

COMMIT: chore: Add project scripts for synthetic history generation
01_Analyse_project.sh
03._Apply_Generated_HIstry.sh

COMMIT: chore: Add project structure and commit history docs
project_structure.txt
commit_history.txt

COMMIT: chore: Add package-lock for reproducible builds
package-lock.json
